today's review is would ukyo die did you
find something new about yourself
recently animated by a-1 pictures these
are the same people that are doing sword
art online I'm the same studio
responsible for Sudama and what I really
like about a won pictures is that they
seem to do it before of John Ross so
since this is an animator view I'm gonna
be focusing mainly on anime but just
know that the enemy is based on the same
in manga now this is recommended to me
by about two of you guys and I really
regret not quickly checking it out after
it was first recommended to me because
this series is hilarious like when
everyone's kind of having a really
intense political debate and when you
suddenly chime in and start referring to
Mitt Romney as mittens Oh mittens that
kind of funny much it's math so what I
mean is that you watch the snow and
basically you laugh at everything well
kind of feeling embarrassed for the main
character at the same time I personally
think this kind of main characters the
hardest to pull off but I think this
series pulls off the main character
perfectly and I think it helps if they
establish a great background for him so
you know more about where he's coming
from I don't think I've ever enjoyed
flashbacks this much and also you know
he's not exactly the best human being
but for some reason you're still rooting
for him
so naturally because of the title this
story is about two brothers who both
dream of becoming astronaut someday what
is kind of the protective embarrassing
older brother and the other ones kind of
really laid-back but it's the one who
actually achieved the goal first oh good
because that's a little not good idea
chief question is that's not good
you know Alice she's a hoot on
and so really it just kind of becomes a
story about achieving your childhood
dream which I personally think a lot of
us adults need to start thinking about
more and also a lot of kids need to
start holding on to more because a lot
of the times were out in the real world
and then life happens and then you
realize you weren't able to become that
pole dancer I mean lawyer because you
know you just want to help people anyway
this is definitely gonna be those series
that I really want to do an ending
reaction on now because the main
character has to take a test
this videos Japanese where it is chicken
which means best if you're a student you
can also use the word skin for your
exams at school thanks for stopping by
see you next time the universe is a
green apple